Coached driver on looking ahead especially in wet conditions.Driver committed to try and do a better job.
The snow conditions added to Mr. We failure to stop. 
Operator roads had icy conditions
Coached on Phone - An will try harder and will plan ahead - especially in wet weather
Wn explained that he always needs to wear a seatbelt while on the road, especially in snowy conditions. 
Spoke with Sc about this incident.  He didnt make contact with anything but did get close.  There is a huge pile of snow off to the left that when the drivers need to back up and get lined up with the 53ft trailers they need to manuver around in order to get lined up with the dock area.
Reviewed video with driver.  He stated that the ground was wet and braked at the last minute.  Resulting in him going pasted the line at the stop light.  No accident or vehicles were around.
SPOKE TO KIRKWOOD ABOUT THE USE OF EXCESSIVE SPEED.  ALSO THE PAVEMENT APPEARED TO BE WET.  HE SAID HE WOULD BE MORE AWARE
I spoke with Ke and advised him to watch his speeds especially when the roads are covered in snow, and he is making a turn.
Sa mentioned that with the blowing snow and melting temperatures that the intersection was very slippery and difficult to stop at. We discussed the safety aspect of coming to a complete stop at stop signs for his safety and the publics. 
Talked to Matt about being under control when making a turn especially important when roads are wet
It was wet outside and speed was not a factor.
Triggered due to trailer garbbing snow near curb while making a right hand turn. No issue
Driver had to stop out ahead of stop sign due to high snowbanks
J states he did all he could to prevent a collision due to wet roads and no out
Spoke with driver about coming to complete stops, the need to exercise more caution in wet conditions, and overall driving behaviors. 
Coached the driver, he slid a bit do to icy conditions. Very bad intersection. 
not sure why he didn't notice traffic ahead of him. was looking further ahead than what was in front of him. especially in the wet conditions. 
Conditions were icy which obstructed the camera. 
